He couldn ' t decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it .
When the baby bird penned his first novel he was just a fledgling author .
Lumber companies have many board meetings .
Using deodorant is no sweat .
His plan to manufacture pencils just didn ' t draw attention .
OLD JANITORS never die they just get swept up .
Proverbs run in pairs .
Meaning of life : &lt; deleted for lack of space &gt;
Sure I can climb cliffs ! Tom bluffed .
Sharks don ' t eat lawyers . Professional courtesy .
My cavity wasn ' t fixed by my regular dentist , but by a guy who was filling in .
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems .
We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot .
The other day I saw a magician walk down the street and turn into a drugstore .
She was only a Elevator operator ' s daughter , and she loved to go down .
She was only a Blacksmith ' s daughter , but she knew how to forge ahead .
Some people with a lot of vision started the Blind Institute .
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow ? He milked it for all it was worth .
My name is Bill . I run a collection agency
A wife lasts as long as a marriage , an ex - wife for ever .
My friend ' s bakery burned down last night . Now his business is toast .
Someone who sells old chess pieces is a pawn broker .
The car stopped with a jerk , then the jerk got out .
The groundskeeper at a large cemetery was important because he had 5000 people under him .
OLD CHAUFFEURS never die they just lose their drive .
A professor without a pointer may find that his lecture is pointless .
There is a growing body of obesity research .
Success comes in cans , failure comes in cant’s
I was going to buy some loose tea , but the price was too steep .
Laugh and the world laughs with you , cry and you cry alone .
OLD GARDENERS never die they are just deflowered .
The guy who sold his carnival got a Fair deal .
Yes , you ' re right . Unfortunately , I don ' t really care .
OLD GAMBLERS never die , they just get discarded .
When potato chips don ' t sell fast enough , the maker knows it will soon be crunch time .
An old lady once asked the dispatcher of a local trucking company if they could ship an antique mirror to her sister in Toronto . The dispatcher says , ' I don ' t know madam , I ' d have to look into it first ' .
She was only a Gardener ' s daughter , but she knows all the rakes .
Priests can ' t marry without prior approval .
Iron was discovered because someone smelt it .
The price of the big fan blew me away .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die , they just get bugged with life .
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die , they just go off on a tangent
A baseball player was a thief . He was always trying to steal .
To be a successful frequent flier you need a lot of connections .
Two florists got married . It was an arranged marriage .
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
A gardener who moved back to his home town rediscovered his roots .
The warden gave the inmates acne medicine hoping it would keep them from breaking out .
If all goes well , you ' ve overlooked something !
OLD TROMBONISTS never die , they just slide away . . .
If you break a string on your guitar don ' t Fret .
When you can ' t decide with your friends whose place to have a party at it ' s known as party politics .
Here , you go first , you ' re immune to bullets .
Go with the flow .
He that can have patience can have what he will .
Life is what you make of it .
OLD GARAGEMEN never die , they just retire
She was only a Telephone operator ' s daughter , but she sure had good connections .
OLD PICKPOCKETS never die , they just steal away .
My name is Oscar , and I ' m a movie star .
He recommended the restaurant to me , and said he had no reservations .
The dance club opened to rave reviews .
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it .
High on a ladder he saw a beautiful girl below . He fell for her .
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches .
OLD HACKERS never die , they just go to bits
Why did CNN cancel that cool " Desert Storm " show ?
Take all things as they come and be content .
Don ' t play with matches . Lighters work much , much better .
You have two choices for dinner : Take it or Leave it .
Truth is stranger than fiction .
My name is Victor , and I ' m a winner in everything I do .
Stick em up ! &lt; BANG &gt; Okay . . . . DON ' T stick em ' up !
Hope for the best , but prepare for the worst .
Those who build roofs are so inclined .
I tinted my hair today . It was the highlight of my day .
If a lawyer speaks for too long there will be an extended sentence .
He sold candy and chocolate . A lot of girls were sweet on him .
OLD DEANS never die they just lose their faculties .
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said ' let ' s shake on that . '
Tailors enjoy hanging out in internet fora , as they are full of threads .
He realized he ' d made the major leagues when it finally hit him .
Freud could barely repress his excitement .
Practice makes perfect .
Back when the news was written on clay tablets there was a lot of breaking news .
Always remember you ' re unique - just like everyone else .
Don ' t bark if you can ' t bite .
My daughter ' s studying natural medicine and I ' m rooting for her .
STICK \ ' stik \ n . 1 : A somewhat nonfunctional boomerang .
Madame : ' ' Now remember , girls , when handling royalty the important thing is to keep up your dukes ! ' '
No news is good news .
A bowling team was called ' lightning ' because they had so many strikes .
The pope , on his 2008 tour in the United States , skipped Mass .
Give credit where credit is due .
How do I handle change ? I put it in the parking meter .
I like marching songs , in any month .
Always trust a glue salesman . They tend to stick to their word .
Basic Flying Rule # 1 : Keep the pointy end forward .
My name is Sue . I ' m also a lawyer .
I idiot - proof my programs , but along comes a bigger idiot .
Pasteur was boiling about not being invited .
You have an important role as a negative example .
OLD BUTCHERS never die , they just get disjointed .
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on .
' ' I like ragged margins , ' ' said Tom without justification .
Scientists have created a flea from scratch .
A picture is worth a thousand words .
Hell is full . The damned are now in Tech Support .
People in the desert have dry humor .
Cobblers children are worst shod .
OLD INVESTORS never die they just roll over .
A guy swallowed a spoon and found he couldn ' t stir .
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while , she realized he was a real keeper .
I ' d love to , but I ' m observing National Apathy Week .
' ' I will now demonstrate how to dissect a sheep , ' ' delivered Tom .
If at first you don ' t succeed , try , try again .
No pain , no gain .
Fools and their money become popular quickly .
Did you hear about the new pinata ? It ' s a huge hit .
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby ' s toys was enough to rattle the entire industry .
LSD : Virtual Reality without all the fancy hardware
When the plums dry on your tree , it ' s time to prune .
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak .
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword .
Put a beggar on horseback and he ' ll ride it to death .
The runaway beer truck barrelled down the freeway after its driver was mugged .
A heavy drinker of hard liquor appears to be in high spirits .
The athlete colored her hair and started a winning streak .
The first guy to mass produce candies made a mint .
Great beer bellies are made , not born .
When he found out that he would visit a real blacksmith he got all fired up .
Those who make balls of wool for a living like to come home and unwind .
The roulette dealer had a unique personality . He had a different spin on everything .
When they told him that his drum couldn ' t be fixed , it didn ' t resonate very well .
He was able to listen to his favorite radio show in the morning because he had an AM radio
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem .
The airlines have become so cash - strapped , they charged me for my emotional baggage .
My name is Brandy . The bartender .
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion .
It ' s not that the man did not know how to juggle , he just didn ' t have the balls to do it .
Misspelled ? Impossible . My modem is error correcting .
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far .
If a clock had legs , time would run out .
Last week I was diagnosed with insomnia , and now I ' m just so tired of it .
I wish Noah had swatted those two mosquitoes . . . . .
No one knows where the shoe pinches , but he who wears it .
First deserve , then desire .
It ain ' t over till it ' s over .
Horses eat best when they don ' t have a bit in their mouth .
The phone call interrupted my nap , and I never did get the rest .
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it .
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights .
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve . The public couldn ' t bear the tension .
Nothing is so smiple that it can ' t get screwed up .
They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out .
For insomnia move to the edge of the bed and you ' ll soon drop off .
Children are uncertain comforts but certain cares .
A man given a watch at his retirement said ' it ' s about time ' .
The president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down .
Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll .
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk , and now the service stinks .
The organizational get together for a company football team was called a kickoff meeting .
911 : Press 1 if robbery . Press 2 if house on fire . Press 3 . . .
A case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed .
My dog has a lot of potential , you just have to unleash it .
When he kicked the invoice , it didn ' t mean he wanted to foot the bill .
OLD GUITARISTS never die , they just become unstrung .
OLD PRESIDENTS never die , they just go through their cabinets
He ' s dead , Jim . Kick him if you don ' t believe me .
A speaker at the firearms convention had to rifle through his notes .
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year . His stomach took a battering .
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything .
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off . Needless to say I jumped on the offer .
To become an electrician you have to pass a battery of tests .
The grass is always greener on the other side .
The plot to his story of the pond was quite shallow .
Employers like their mechanics to be geared up .
I had an appointment with the chiropractor , but I backed out .
War is too important to be left to the generals .
OLD BEEKEEPERS never die they just buzz off .
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger . Then it hit me .
Fretting cares make grey hairs .
A doctor drank while putting on patients ' casts . He was soon plastered .
My skiing skills are really going downhill .
How could I trust the ceiling fan installer when I knew he was always screwing up .
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city , the police said he will be dealt with .
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny , but he just wasn ' t making the cut .
Stewardess trainee : " Where does THIS door gooooooooooooo . . . . "
' ' I won ' t buy a circuit breaker , ' ' Tom refused .
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope .
I ' ll hear it from the horse ' s mouth .
My friend came around for dinner . We ate for 20 minutes , then he fainted again .
When I had my PlayStation stolen , my family were there to console me .
He worked in a chocolate factory , but always took his sweet time .
Wrestlers don ' t like to be put on hold .
Gauss was asked to attend because of his magnetic personality .
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die , they just fold .
The man found something to catch fish , which was a net gain .
A sports match was attended by many scores .
The inventor of glass decided to see it through .
My name is Iris . I ' m an optometrist
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening . He loved recycling .
Pompous male bees are often known to drone on about themselves .
In parking lots , arguments often start from scratch .
A cow that is pampered too much will give spoiled milk .
My name is Sherry . I ' m a wine - master .
Yo mama ' s so easy , that Madonna get tips from her !
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy .
Why are all businessmen fat ? Must be all the inflation .
The builders of raceways believe that one good turn deserves another .
Still water runs deep .
My name is Bud . I ' m in flowers .
I ' ve passed the exam this time , Tom remarked .
OLD WHEELS never die they just get retired .
That ' s a cool chair . Yeah , I know , it rocks .
The duck said to the bartender , ' put it on my bill . '
All are not friends who speak one fair .
He told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak , but I found that hard to swallow .
She was only a Catcher ' s daughter , but she had many balls bounce off her chin .
A train load of paint derailed . Nearby businesses were put in the red .
If it screams , it ' s not food , yet . . . .
I couldn ' t stand to be without my legs .
I was arrested after my therapist suggested I take something for my kleptomania .
When a thief stole several volumes from the library he was quickly booked .
OLD TRIGONOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just lose their identities .
I ' ve met zucchini with more potential .
A doorbell salesman joined the choir , and chimed right in .
I ' ve never tipped a cow . Then again , one has never served me food .
If it ' s too good to be true , then it probably is .
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway . Of course , that was just a rough estimate .
Old math profs never die , they just can ' t differentiate .
A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months .
Dwarf on a giant ' s shoulder sees farther of the two .
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor .
Eschew Obfuscation !
Dear Santa , all I want is your list of naughty girls .
For greeting card companies their fate is in the cards .
He that would eat the kernel must crack the nut .
She was only a Swimmer ' s daughter , but she knew every dive in town . .
I ' ll corroborate that again , Tom reproved .
Trespassers will be shot , survivors will be shot again !
The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn ' t perfect , and the judge told him he went a little overboard .
He died leaving 100 clocks . His son is winding up the estate .
They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game .
Early nuclear experimenters discovered an element of surprise .
I ' d love to change the world . . . if I can get the source code .
Mason - Dixon Line n . Separates y ' all from youse guys
When he fell in the wet concrete he left a bad impression .
If you are what you eat , I ' m staying away from the nuts !
If you can ' t make it good , make it expensive .
Every man thinks his own geese swans .
Objects under T - Shirt are larger than they appear .
He became a sky diver out of the blue .
I ' ve been to the dentist several times so I know the drill .
Cross the stream where it is shallowest .
He bought lots of pens before starting his new job . He wanted to make his mark .
It ' s no wonder that some baseball players have lots of money - often even many of the bases are loaded .
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store , the police pumped him for information .
The melody kept on playing until it became a strain .
The fire chief was always asked burning questions .
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still .
OLD PILOTS never die , they just get more turbulent .
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago .
Old colanders never die , they just can ' t take the strain anymore .
OLD LIBRARIANS never die , they just lose their circulation .
OLD PYROMANIACS never die , they just lose their spark
A woodcutter ' s world revolves on his axes .
The first step to health is to know that we are sick .
Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves .
She was only a Vacuum salesman ' s daughter , but she knew how to suck !
The Easter story is not a dead issue .
In medical school he worried about passing as a surgeon , but he made the cut .
An elephant ' s opinion carries a lot of weight .
Those who want to paint polka - dots have to find a good spot .
Nothing succeeds like success .
If you give some managers an inch they think they ' re a ruler .
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine . We met by accident .
She was only a Globetrotter ' s daughter , but she manages to get around .
A civil question deserves a civil answer .
Don ' t judge a book by its cover .
God cures and the physician takes the fee .
Morticians make you feel dead gorgeous .
When a letter carrier became a hero they called him a deliverer .
The personal trainer quit his job because it wasn ' t working out .
OLD PLANETS never die , they just lose their attraction .
Prison walls are never built to scale .
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech .
I ' m ! A ! Graduate ! Of ! The ! Bill ! Shatner ! Acting ! School !
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are .
When underwear fell in the vat at a beer - makers , a scandal was brewing .
Lunatic asylum : where optimism most flourishes .
' ' Angel dust ? Me ? Never touch it ! ' ' Tom snorted .
Don ' t lend people money . It causes amnesia .
An unusual medical book is one which has no appendix .
Bring me a rubber band and make it snappy !
A burnt child dreads the fire .
Lawyers have to like alcohol because they ' re always being called to the bar .
A will is a relative thing .
Even though the well was a mystery to her , she didn ' t want to get to the bottom of it .
A city worker who campaigned for new sewer pipes finally had to go underground .
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake .
Misery loves company .
OLD LAWYERS never die they just lose their judgment .
Waiter , my bill please . - How did you find your luncheon , sir ? - With a magnifying glass .
OLD PLAGIARISTS never die , they just steal away .
I had some back trouble , but it ' s all behind me now .
Reward for a job well done : more work .
A music store owner has to have sound business practices .
Pipe fitters often have high pressure jobs .
I ' ve got to fix the automobile , said Tom mechanically .
In a recession , the most secure job is garbage - man . Business is always picking up .
You often hear of a good wine through the grapevine .
The Biomedical Engineer didn ' t have the heart to check the EKG machine .
Army dentists make a good drill corps .
Compatible : Blows up a little later than Incompatible
There is only one way to open the door and that is the key .
You know the tree by its fruit .
Here is how the track meet is going to run . . .
All roads lead to Rome .
If you want a thing done right , do it yourself .
We ' re expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant .
My name is Charity , a televangelist
I just got back from a statistical probability conference . It was average .
Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds .
' ' This wind is awful , ' ' blustered Tom .
To write with a broken pencil is pointless .
The surest steps to happiness are the steps to church .
Diligent youth makes easy age .
The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms .
A hangman will always keep you in the loop .
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out .
A word spoken is past recalling .
Professional rock climbers , the only people paid to get high .
" I ' m sick ! I ought to be home in bed with a nurse . "
Save the whales , spouted Tom .
What if there were no hypothetical questions ?
Two airline pilots in a stand - up comedy did a takeoff .
An undertaker can be one of your best friends , he is always the last one to let you down .
The best is cheapest .
When a ladder was stolen from a store the manager said that further steps would be taken .
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg , but broke it off .
Photographers are often very candid people .
There is no little enemy .
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed !
For a long time , black holes were a dark secret .
Give and you might receive . Take and be sure of it .
OLD COWBOYS never die , they just get the boot .
The massage which came with the spa treatment was a nice touch .
96 . 37 % of all statistics are useless . .
OLD PAINTERS never die they just get plastered .
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task , but the class discussion kept going off on tangents .
My son wanted a scooter . When I told him they are too dangerous , he moped around the house .
OLD GROCERS never die , they just get shelved .
If you burn the candle on both ends , you’re not as bright as you think .
I ' ve struck oil ! Tom gushed .
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes .
A rising tide lifts all boats .
OLD TYPISTS never die , they just lose their touch .
After he invented the light bulb , people saw Edison in a new light .
Overheard in med school - ' I learned about the colon through the process of elimination . '
Some people still think that writing long stories is a novel idea .
Watson and Crick did the twist all night .
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well .
Two companies that manufactured rulers decided to align .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
A man ' s home is his castle .
OLD BOOTLEGGERS never die , they just keep still .
It ' s OK to watch an elephant bathe as they usually have their trunks on .
Once the pin is pulled , Mr . Grenade is no longer a friend . . .
A tailor sometimes decides to suit himself .
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area .
Food for bad dogs is bought by the pound .
The earless defendant waived his hearing .
It was the first time she ' d seen a live sponge on display , and she really soaked it in .
You really are addicted to soccer , you should think of kicking the habit .
OLD GOLFERS never die they just putter away .
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over .
Librarians are always going by the book .
This just in : Research causes cancer in rats !
Never invest in funerals , it ' s a dying industry .
Your very last breath will be a fatal blow .
When I commented on a friend ' s psychedelic door he said , Don ' t Knock It .
She was only a Rancher ' s daughter , but she couldn ' t keep her calves together .
OLD AIR CONDITIONER REPAIRMEN never die , they just lose their cool .
OLD DOOR FRAMERS never die , they just become unhinged .
Everyone talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
Elephants will toil all day , and they work for peanuts .
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there ' s no need to create a buzz .
There ' s a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive .
My name is Gene , I ' m a DNA researcher .
She was only a Real estate agent ' ' s daughter , but she gave a lot away .
An accountant for a restaurant has to be sure the books are not cooked .
It wasn ' t my fault your wife wandered into my house !
If fortune favours , beware of being exalted ; if fortune thunders , beware of being overwhelmed .
Three can keep a secret , if two of them are dead .
I wondered why my geometry class was always tired . They were all out of shape .
Time will tell .
A pair of loud twins were stereo speakers .
I can SPELL , I just can ' t TYPE worth a hoot !
For a while , Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act , but he was just going through a stage .
There ' s many a slip ' twixt cup and lip .
Careless stair dancers are heading for a heavy landing .
I ' m a sap for tree jokes .
It ' s true that the earth rotates , but scientists are always putting their own spin on it .
On being served an extravagant dessert : ' ' So rich , it has its own tax shelters . ' '
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin , there will be stiff competition .
The world is your oyster .
Never test for an error you don ' t know how to handle .
The duke and the count had a fight . The duke was down for the count .
She was always calling for her twins , ' ' on the double . ' '
Take things as you find them .
An Electrician ' s work is well grounded .
The politician is not one for Indian food . But he ' s good at currying favors .
The tongue weighs very little , but few people can hold it .
She was only a Fruit vendor ' s daughter , but , my , she had big melons .
The cost of the space program is astronomical .
Shit or get off the pot .
He bought a donkey because he thought he might get a kick out of it .
The decision to begin construction on the Empire State Building was a groundbreaking historical event .
His qualifications as a math teacher didn ' t add up .
Computers make very fast , very efficient mistakes .
The artist was great . He could always draw a crowd .
During his lifetime , the composer Bach was a noted success .
Hire teenagers while they still know everything .
I wanted to exercise last night but it just didn ' t work out .
Confidence is important ; the computer can sense fear .
Everyone ' s fuming over the high cost of gas .
Jenny was sure she was going to Heaven but she wouldn ' t harp on it .
Kindness , like grain , increases by sowing .
The astronomer became an actor because he always wanted to visit the stars .
For a fish , the end of a barbed hook is the ' ' point ' ' of no return .
Don ' t burn the candle at both ends .
I still miss my ex - husband . But my aim is improving .
A skier who loses a race on a cold day will have a frosty disposition .
I knew a woman who owned a taser , man was she stunning !
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half - price . It ' s amazing what you can pick up these days .
They who would be young when they are old must be old when they are young .
Seafood operations start out on a small scale .
When a new baby comes into a family , many changes are necessary .
It seems like it ' s always Patsy ' s fault .
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me .
He who lends to the poor gets interest from god
WinError # 01 : Unable to figure out own code . System crashed .
She was only a Electrician ' s daughter , and she made house calls to remove her customers ' shorts .
If anything can go wrong , it will .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I ' m a spoon . - Sit there and don ' t stir . Next .
Dermatologists often make rash statements .
OLD SHOE SHINE BOYS never die , they are just rebuffed . .
Never lie to an x - ray technician . They can see right through you .
OLD FIREFIGHTERS never die they just go to blazes .
OLD WOOL COATS never die , they just become mothballed .
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent .
She was only a Waitress ' s daughter but she sure could dish it out .
Discretion is the better part of valor .
Lightning storms can be very striking .
My name is Cookie , I ' m a baker .
Though thou hast ever so many counsellors , yet do not forsake the counsel of thy own soul .
Barking dogs seldom bite .
Have you heard the joke about the bomb ? It had no impact .
You can ' t have your cake and eat it too .
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work .
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops .
A new batter joined the baseball team , and he was a real hit .
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing . I have to say I saw it coming . The last time I was at his house all the signs were there .
Don’t let adversity get you down unless you are on your knees
Why didn ' t the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack ? He didn ' t have the nuts .
OLD LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS , never die , they just get derailed
You are confused ; but this is your normal state .
Dentists on death fill their last cavity .
OLD RAILROADERS never die , they just derail .
He collects mouthwash bottles , and they ' re all in mint condition .
Home is where the heart is .
They called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns .
You are now entering a School Free Drug Zone .
A high scoring football game can be very offensive .
OLD PILOTS never die they just go to a higher plane .
Our Boy Scouts ' knot - tying class went off without a hitch .
This is a picture of my new house , said Tom , visibly moved .
Lose nothing for want of asking .
We ' re lost but we ' re making good time .
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers .
He stole an invention and then told patent lies .
Don ' t kill the goose that lays the golden eggs .
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree .
Why do we have training bras ? What can we teach them ?
Be careful what you wish for , you just might get it .
When asked by a passenger how high he would get , the pilot replied , ' I don ' t do drugs . '
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on .
The astronauts said their experience on the moon was out of this world .
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident .
Before he sold Christmas trees , he got himself spruced up .
Doctor , Doctor , this ointment you gave me makes my arm smart . . - Then rub some on your head ? Next .
The carpenter was well - known for nailing his work .
Some people like raw meat on rare occasions .
Good police officers never miss a beat .
During a tennis match one player gave the other a backhanded compliment .
A young man married is a young man marred .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just go on dribbling .
In the house of the hanged man , mention not the rope .
The orange squeezer was invented with some juicy information .
The meat truck took a long time to deliver because of the Jerky ride .
Sign in an electrician ' s shop : ' We will refuse you . '
A play , based on billiards , started right on cue .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I ' m a deck of cards . - I ' ll deal with you later . Next !
A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets .
For a dishonest employee : He ' s an unbelievable worker .
After he bought his two - year - old a felt pen , he was a marked man .
Backup not found : ( A ) bort ( R ) etry ( P ) anic
A half truth is a whole lie .
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends ? They ' re great at hitting it off .
Dentists have the same old grind day after day .
Males who wonder why they should have a prostate exam usually get it in the end .
Why is the word abbreviation so long ?
What ' s the deal with negotiations ?
An egotist is a person who is more interested in himself than in me .
My name is Rob . I ' m a thief .
Deep calls to deep .
Oh what a tangled web we weave . On the Internet .
An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation .
The only similarity between ancient times and the 1970 ' s is that both were full of people getting stoned .
A job circumcising elephants isn ' t so bad . The base salary is small but the tips are big .
I ' ve never killed a deer before but I ' ll take a shot at it .
Archimedes was buoyant at the thought .
She was only a Photographer ' s daughter , but she was really developed .
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re - hab center that said ' Keep off the Grass ' .
' ' There , there , ' ' was Tom ' s pat answer .
OLD HOCKEY PLAYERS never die , they just achieve their final goal .
I ' m not lost , I ' m " locationally challenged . "
First come , first served .
OLD WRITERS never die , they just get erased .
The man who dies with the most toys is still dead .
Okay , I pulled the pin . Now what ? Where are you going ?
Noteworthy musicians are very composed .
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself .
A man of words and not of deeds , is like a garden full of weeds .
The inept mathematician couldn ' t count on his friends .
The earliest mention of cars is in the Bible when Adam and Eve were driven out of the Garden of Eden .
OLD MAGICIANS never die they just disappear .
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste .
Hell ! . . . I’d forgotten about that !
We are born crying , live complaining , die disappointed
Don ' t get lost in the mist or else you won ' t have the foggiest idea where you are .
People who like yogurt are well cultured .
Let me know right away if you don ' t get this message .
A belly button is for salt when you eat celery in bed .
To plan a graveyard you need a skeleton idea before a detailed plan .
Neil Simon ' s only unsuccessful play : Chapter 11 .
It ' s not the money I want , it ' s the stuff .
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die , they just butt out .
She was only a Electrician ' s daughter , but she certainly had good connections .
No bungee cords , but we encourage leaps of faith .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die , they just move to new addresses .
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die , they are just repulsed . .
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell .
Grasp all , lose all .
What a charming doorway ! said Tom , entranced .
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength .
Sign on a music store window : ' Come in and pick out a drum - - then beat it ! '
Sea captains have a lot of latitude .
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands . They decided to duke it out .
Life’s a ledger , are we giving a good accounting of ourselves
My name is Lute . I ' m a musician .
My buddy asked me to look after his pet goose while he was away . I told him I wasn ' t down with that .
A carpenter sat on his drill and was bored to tears .
Set a herring to catch a whale .
" Well done " is better than " well said " .
Violinists are often fiddling around .
Two brothers collaborated on haunted stories , but one was a ghost writer .
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities .
OLD FORGERS never die , they just leave no trace .
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked . I explained , no dressing please .
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die , they just retire .
A pirate with one hand often picked up the phone . He wanted to get off the hook .
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge .
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution .
The valuable dog was still missing , believed stolen , however the police announced they have a lead .
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead !
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber . It was quite a combination .
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched .
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn ' t locate the manual .
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf . She was the first woman to wear bloomers .
I didn ' t understand the math , so the teacher summed it up for me .
I ' ll have what the gentleman on the floor is having .
OLD CONTORTIONISTS never die , they just meet their end .
When they claimed to house two thousand campers , it sounded like a lot of bunk .
The more you stroke the cat ' s tail , the more he raises his back .
One swallow does not make a summer .
If all your troubles are melting away watch out for the floods .
When the human cannonball was late for work he got fired .
Life after death for evil doers has always been a hot topic .
Musical composers can use lots of Note paper .
Two mathematicians arguing about even numbers were at odds .
Squirt guns don ' t soak people , People soak people .
When a priest makes a mistake in church it ' s a clerical error .
I ' m not paranoid ! Which of my enemies told you this ?
An old professor who was never on time died and was called the late professor Brown .
For a chronically absent employee : It seemed her career was just taking off .
What do they call all that lumber on the Star Trek ' s Enterprise ? Captain ' s log .
Firefighters can rescue you , but only Jesus saves .
Behind every great computer lies . . . a mess of wires !
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day . Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime .
' ' I like modern painting , ' ' said Tom abstractly .
Cowboys in a rodeo can be sure to get a few bucks .
Musical mechanics always sing in parts .
She was only a Fruit vender ' s daughter , but , oh , what a peach .
He became an astronaut and had a blast .
When the spice ships used to bring goods to the king the captain was peppered with compliments .
If you jump to conclusions , you make terrible landings .
Stop talking ! I ' m out of aspirin !
Becoming a yoga instructor offers the possibilities of a unique teaching position .
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die , they just face the end .
The best things in life are free .
If word processing a presentation about guns - - be sure to know how to use bullets .
Don ' t let the perfect become the enemy of the good .
Daddy , how come my magnet won ' t pick up these disks ?
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day , but it wasn ' t true . He had to scotch those rumours right away .
Actions are usually right , but the reasons seldom are .
A hedge between keeps friends green .
Love me tender / love me sweet / push me out at 12 , 000 ft
During the meeting about earthquakes , there were several motions .
The psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up .
To hell with criticism . Praise is good enough for me .
If it looks like a duck , swims like a duck , and quacks like a duck , then it probably is a duck .
A man giving a speech by candle - light can wax eloquent .
I ' m buying a birthday present for a sculptor . Can you chip in ?
" I ' d like to buy a schwa , Pat . "
The defendant in a coffee theft trial refused to testify on the grounds that could incriminate him .
Yo mama ' s so ugly , she made an onion cry .
An astronomy column in the newspaper would have a lot of space devoted to it .
Once ice cream was invented the problem was licked .
OLD GEOLOGISTS never die , they just have their faults
Fear the man of one book .
Missing the wood for the trees .
My name is Mike . I ' m an announcer
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars .
Nothing ventured , nothing gained .
Those who iron clothes have a lot of pressing demands .
Baseball players are expected to perform well right off the bat .
For the orthodontist visit , the boy had to brace himself .
Do you ever get tired of sleeping ?
A new broome sweepeth cleane .
I can do an excellent impression of Sinatra , said Tom , being perfectly frank .
My name is Ham . I raise pigs
The one thing that is constant is Change especially if you are a cashier .
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die , they just lose their focus .
She wanted to be a weaver but there were always too many snags .
Dry cleaners are often pressed for time .
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment . Every Friday he drew his net wages .
Ducks don ' t have their palms read - they look for it on the web .
OLD MOONSHINERS never die , they just keep still .
Martians welcome . We have space for everyone .
OLD LAUNDRY WORKERS never die , they just are decreased .
OLD DIVERS never die , they just flop .
A new type of broom came out , it is sweeping the nation .
A guy went to a costume party dressed as a knife , and he really looked sharp .
Peter went overboard for the lord , why can’t we .
Keyboard not connected . Think F1 to continue .
OLD RABBIS never die , they just get grey around the temples .
" Happiness is a warm puppy , " said the anaconda .
While having a hard time water - skiing , the boy commented , ' This is such a drag . '
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn ' t just make the cut .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just fail to react .
OLD CASHIERS never die they just check out .
Power tends to corrupt ; absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Brag is a good dog , but holdfast is better .
Federal Law prohibits the removal of this tagline
If you breathe heavily on the map , it will reveal topography , ' he said , with a sigh of relief .
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage ? It was wrong on so many levels .
For want of a nail the shoe is lost , for want of a shoe the horse is lost , for want of a horse the rider is lost .
Some thinkle peep I ' m under the affluence of inkohol . . .
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed .
Plenty of people give the lord credit . Few give him cash .
After having a knee dislocated and an elbow fractured in two barroom brawls Bradley should have learned to stay away from those joints .
Advice most needed is least heeded .
Could modern submarines be the wave of the future ?
Armadillo : A mouse built to government specs .
As usual , the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting .
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest .
Misfortunes never come singly .
Scientists allow us to see the sun in a different light .
Don ' t take life seriously . . . it isn ' t permanent .
A seminar on Time Travel will be held 2 weeks ago . . . .
The rodent catcher was always trying to weasel his way out of work .
Elvis Stamps : Where will your mail be spotted next ?
The worth of a thing is what it will bring .
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they are just uprooted .
Two blackberries met . They were both in a jam .
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit
An hobbituary to Tolkien appeared in each of the major newspapers , all had a familiar ring to them .
When neon lights were perfected the inventor was positively glowing .
I ' d love to , but my patent is pending .
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows .
Old school principals never die , they just lose their faculties .
OLD MUSICIANS never die they just get played out .
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in .
OLD COUPON CLIPPERS never die , they just expire .
Making gloves is a real hands - on experience .
My father ' s father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes . They ended up grandfathering him in .
OLD SALESMEN never die , they just go out of commission .
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period .
Those who live by the sword . . . kill those who don ' t .
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase ' fire at will ' .
I nailed my wood - shop test .
A little boy called his father who made balloons ' pop ' .
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness .
He ' s not dead , he ' s electroencephalographically challenged
I never understood why people liked to play soft ball . It ' s a very underhanded thing to do .
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch . He was a real trooper .
OLD BOXERS never die , they just punch out
She was only a Doctor ' s daughter , but she really knew how to operate .
Doctor , doctor , I think I ' m a bridge . - What ' s come over you ? - Two cars , a truck and a coach .
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive .
It takes all sorts of people to make a world .
Beer : So much more than a breakfast drink .
Did you hear about the guy who planted bullets ? He wanted to see a lot of little shoots .
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40 psi .
OLD HOUSEWIVES never die , they just wash away .
Midwives don ' t like to wear breeches .
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die , they just lose some functions .
To some - marriage is a word . . . to others - a sentence .
My name is Herb . I ' m a cook .
The mortician was late for dinner because he was buried in his work .
I went to an invisible fairground but didn ' t think it was very good . I just couldn ' t see the attraction .
The remedy is worse than the disease .
' ' Don ' t add too much water , ' ' said Tom with great concentration .
He ' d never gone hunting but decided to give it a shot .
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people .
Shepherds sometimes have staff meetings .
Never draw fire , it irritates everyone around you .
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch .
He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it .
It is the early bird that gets the worm .
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week .
The fault line had a splitting headache .
OLD CRICKETERS never die , they just get bowled over .
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop .
Meet me at the clothes line . That ' s where I hang out !
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just can ' t make connections
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot .
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once .
For every 45 I collected , I would write down the song and the artist so I could keep records .
Bitter pills may have blessed effects .
OLD FARMERS never die , they just turn into vegetables .
Every rose has its thorn .
What ' s another word for Thesaurus ?
One scabbed sheep mars the whole flock .
He was almost persuaded to invest in a poultry farm , but chickened out at the last minute .
Took an hour to bury the cat . Silly thing kept moving . . .
A farmer with a rip in his clothes has an overall problem .
She was only a Fireman ' s daughter , but she ' s really going to blazes .
Wade not in unknown waters .
After Junior swallowed the watch he had to wait to pass the time .
Volta was electrified .
An exterminator in Idaho announced that he invented a new spray , one application of which will remain effective for a full season . ' ' Of course , ' ' he warned . ' ' I ' ve still got a few bugs to iron out . ' '
The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles .
Windows isn ' t crippleware : it ' s " Functionally Challenged "
Do you have any parting words ? - How about comb and brush ?
Shame take him that shame thinketh .
Someone who gossips to you will gossip about you .
I ' ve always pictured myself taking selfies .
A racehorse ' s life is always on track .
A rolling stone gathers no moss .
She was only a Bottlemaker ' s daughter , but nothing could stop her .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die they just lose contact .
' ' I invested in a hi - tech startup , ' ' Tom ventured .
I am not 40 , I ' m 18 with 22 years experience
There ' s no such thing as a free lunch .
When cave men got together they formed clubs .
A fisherman tried boxing , but he only threw hooks .
Politicians get onto the merry - go - round and then put a spin on it .
Admitting a mistake : ' ' Like the orthopedist ' s patient , I stand corrected . ' '
Beggars can ' t be choosers .
I used to be addicted to soap , but I ' m clean now .
One grasshopper told another about eating corn . It went in one ear and out the other .
OLD BASKETBALL PLAYERS never die they just go on dribbling .
Math class is full of drama . There are so many problems to work out .
A pop singer bought a new house for a song .
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall . The police are looking into it .
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point .
Waiter , there ' s a fly in my soup ! ' ' At our restaurant , we guarantee You won ' t find a single fly . ' ' ' ' Whaddya mean ? ' ' ' ' Because they ' re all married . ' '
Great minds agree .
She was only an Attorney ' s daughter , but what a will to break .
A tire store loves a chance to Roll out a new product .
When the beekeeper moved into town he created quite a buzz .
When the thief fell in the wet cement and broke both legs , he became a hardened criminal .
I didn ' t have the faintest idea as to why I passed out .
An argument at the Bomb Squad convention ended in a blowup .
Some people take beautiful pictures and cut them into pieces . That ' s a puzzle to me .
OLD PSYCHIATRISTS never die , they just shrink away .
Sky divers don ' t jump , they just fall away .
Did you hear about the compulsive fisherman ? He was really hooked on it .
They built a tree house together but then had a falling out .
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers . I didn ' t achieve the sufficient volume of sales .
Bring your spirtual Marshmellows , our pastor is on fire !
OLD HOOKERS never die , they just get laid off .
' ' Consult an investment broker , ' ' was Tom ' s stock answer .
Suicide at sea is definitely going overboard .
Gardeners like to plant their feet firmly .
My stuffing was bad , so I got some sage advice .
' ' I couldn ' t believe there were 527 , 986 bees in the swarm ! ' ' Tom recounted .
Harry and Clem the carpenters , argued mightily on how best to complete the dinette set they were working on . They finally agreed to table the discussion .
Windows loading . Come back tomorrow .
If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store .
VanDeGraaf charged his assistant to attend .
' ' There ' s room for one more , ' ' Tom admitted .
I got angry when my cell phone battery died . My counselor suggested I find an outlet .
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees .
I walked past a gang of youths yesterday and one of them threw a piece of cheese at me , which hit me on the back of the head . I turned round and shouted , ' ' That ' s not very mature ! ' '
Pharmacists find their work to be very encapsulating .
OLD TEACHERS never die they just lose their class .
A tattle tale pig is a squealer .
She said she had nothing to wear . I smiled .
Jesus did the only extreme world makeover , the flood
If there is no God , who pops up the next Kleenex ?
My name is Carol . I sing during the holidays .
Tagline dispenser temporarily out of order .
My name is Melody . A Musician
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords . They can ' t croak .
The enemy of my enemy , is my friend .
All ' s well that ends well .
The longest mile is the last mile home .
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space .
I ' d love to , but my bathroom tiles need grouting .
Pavlov was drooling at the thought .
The ignorant always adore what they cannot understand .
Those who play musical instruments for radio or TV have to stay tuned .
The agreeable tennis umpire was generous to a fault .
A lawyer was defending a math teacher . He had to sum up .
The thief had a bold plan . He figured he could carry it off .
I couldn ' t decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider , so I mulled it over .
I was in a big hurry so I scrambled to make eggs for breakfast .
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy .
Hell ! I thought I’d gotten away with it !
He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal .
Why don ' t people like to talk to garbage men ? They mostly talk trash .
Some clockmakers are normal , but others are a little cuckoo .
Vines are extremely short - tempered . They snap at the slightest wind .
He always called his girlfriend his ' luck ' . Until he decided to push his luck .
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig . He was looking for new material .
Don ' t go between the tree and the bark .
The family elders have relative importance .
I ' m NOT stubborn ! You can ' t convince me otherwise ! !
In an office : Would the person who took the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken .
When poker players have to fold they feel a bit discarded .
My name is Woody . A Forester
If I want your opinion I ' ll beat it out of you !
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up .
OLD SEAMSTRESSES never die , they just come to the point .
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range , you won ' t know what you ' re missing .
Tennis players don ' t marry because Love means Nothing to them .
A cowboy who was also an artist could draw fast .
A musician went to hospital after playing too many accidentals .
A balding man and his hair are soon parted .
If you miss a class at beauty school you ' ll need a makeup session .
My name is Dusty , I run a cleaning service .
A locksmith has to have a good Combination of skills .
There ' s more than one way to skin a cat .
A gardening store owner who often called long distance for importing realized that talk and dirt aren ' t necessarily cheap .
What you sow is what you reap .
Hmmm , fence must still be down over at the funny farm . . . .
An archaeologist ' s career ended in ruins .
Success is just a matter of luck . Ask any failure .
Derringer had one shot at fame .
Of COURSE I ' m on topic . ( Which echo is this ? )
Geology class is the foundation of a decent education .
A baseball player joined the army and did the round of military bases .
You must not run after two hares at the same time .
At first he was was a sprinter , but then he decided to run for office .
This building is so high , the elevator shows movies .
The oil well driller had a boring job .
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store . I heard I could get thinner there .
Variety is the spice of life .
As confused as a baby at a topless bar .
Doctor , Doctor My little boy has just swallowed a roll of film ! - Hmmmm . Let ' s hope nothing develops . Next .
She had two different jobs as a chef which gave her a full plate .
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects , but he did one on the fly .
In Ireland you ' re more likely to get a Pat answer .
Ultimate office automation : networked coffee machines .
Anyone who remembers the 60 ' s . . . wasn ' t there .
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pans ?
A good beginning makes a good ending .
Rule 1 : Don ' t sweat the small stuff . Rule 2 : Everything is small stuff
Resist everything but temptation .
He that steals an egg will steal an ox .
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it , but I saw through it .
Just because pews come in rows doesn’t mean we should plant ourselves there
Marconi was not wired up about going .
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just unwind .
' ' I ' ve run out of wool , ' ' said Tom , knitting his brow .
The dentist ' s alibi was full of holes , so the police performed a cavity search .
A politician with a bad back needs lots of support .
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store .
I gave in when my wife hounded me about getting a puppy .
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs . I ' m a gamekeeper turned poacher .
Eve taught us it’s okay to take a little ribbing
Behind every man , there ' s a woman with nothing to wear .
I was going to buy a book on phobias , but I was afraid it wouldn ' t help me .
When talking nonsense try not to be serious .
Cats are smarter than dogs . . . You won ' t see eight cats pulling a sled .
A basketball player couldn ' t control his saliva but he could sure dribble .
At seven foot six he was a great basketball player and everyone looked up to him .
Better is the enemy of good .
The boy swallowed a pillow , the hospital described his condition as comfortable .
Animals are slaughtered for meat at a tender age .
That ' s the third time my teacher changed my grade , Tom remarked .
Airline pilots make many friends in high places .
My name is Josh . I ' m a talk show host
My name is Dean A college chancellor
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just average out .
She was only a Governor ' s daughter , but what a state she was in .
Dogs wags their tails , not as much to you as to your bread .
The only free cheese is in the mouse trap .
A lot of trees were dying , but they needed to figure out the root of the problem .
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
Where there are many chickens you can find layers of eggs .
To many girls the word ' marriage ' has a nice ring to it .
My name is Guy . I install antennas .
The plums for sale dried out , so the profits were pruned .
A kettle on the stove was singing ' Home on the Range ' .
Reason does not come before years .
We are overdressed when we are wrapped up in ourselves .
The cosmetic student was sick on the day of the final exam . Now she has to take a Make Up exam .
This is where I keep my arrows , said Tom , quivering .
An ounce of discretion is worth a pound of wit .
It ' s easy to be wise after the event .
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane .
She was only a Dairyman ' s daughter , but what a calf
Tomorrow is another day .
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine , until it got clogged up .
SYSOP \ ' sis äp \ n : the person laughing as you type
' ' Waiter , there ' s a fly in my soup ! ' ' ' ' Force of habit , sir , the chef used to be a tailor .
Overdrawn ? No way ! I still have checks left !
When a duck is feeling down he might just be happy .
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients .
Backups are usually a good thing unless it ' s a sewer .
A baseball player can sell himself to a new team if he has a good pitch .
( A ) bort , ( R ) etry , ( F ) ail , ( G ) rab _ Hammer
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse .
OLD ACADEMICIANS never die , they just lose their faculties
Love is like war , Easy to start , Hard to end , Impossible to forget .
Whom God will destroy , he first make mad .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging .
He bent over to pick up a sieve and strained himself .
If you’re looking for a sign from god , this is it .
Working hard to become roadkill on the Infobahn .
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket .
My father slept under the bed , I think he was a little potty .
One rotten apple will spoil the whole barrel .
After he carried a gun in his car the engine was soon shot .
Those who make sponges get very absorbed in their work .
Tonight ' s forecast : Dark , scattered light toward dawn .
Like cures like .
The lumber company downsized . They got rid of the deadwood .
Low carb diets really go against the grain .
If it ain ' t broke , let me have a shot at it .
There is no time like the present .
God works in mysterious ways .
During branding cowboys have sore calves .
. . . So simple a child could do it ? Go find me a child !
Enjoy the present day , trusting little to what tomorrow may bring .
OLD JUDGES never die , they just cease to try
After 5 years with the same chiropractor , I moved and had to change doctors . It was quite an adjustment .
If you ' re a gardener you might call yourself a ' plant manager ' .
His business plan to manufacture scissors just didn ' t cut it .
Press any key to continue . . Any other key to format hard drive .
I usually take steps to avoid elevators .
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes .
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down , he needed more proof .
The sergeant drank whiskey in order to be fortified in his position .
Fire , quoth the fox , when he pissed on the ice .
OLD HUMAN CANNONBALLS never die they just get fired .
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting , but now I have an apartment complex .
Failure is the stepping stone for success .
Five brothers wanted to buy a horse , so they all had to pony up .
The first duck wouldn ' t go in the water . The other duck said ' ' What are you , chicken ? ' ' .
When all is said and done , more is said then done .
Waiter , there are pennies in my soup ! ' ' Well , sir , you said you ' d stop eating here if there wasn ' t some change in the food . ' ' *
A Crucifix ? Oy vey , have YOU got the wrong vampire . . .
Keep your friends close , but your enemies closer .
A penny saved is a Congressional oversight .
Gardeners like to spring into action .
I tried hard to get into vexillology , but , in the end , had to flag it away .
Good swimmers are often drowned .
Two referees went head to head because they had a score to settle .
Even though Catholics in space are weightless , do they have mass ?
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops .
PRESS To test . &lt; click &gt; RELEASE to detonate .
Comedians , the biggest joke going .
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist . He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress .
I do a lot of spreadsheets in the office so you can say I ' m excelling at work .
We should not expect to find old heads on young shoulders .
If your waiting for something to turn up , try your sleeves .
Doctor , Doctor , you ' ve got to help me . I think I ' m a kleptomaniac . - Don ' t worry . I think there ' s something you can take for that . Next .
That government is best which governs least .
It said " Insert disk # 3 " , but only 2 will fit !
The place that made rubber balls almost went bankrupt , but they bounced back .
Math teachers have lots of problems .
Did you hear about that new drug that makes people angry ? It ' s all the rage now .
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - and a pretty good spring and summer , too .
Tires are fixed for a flat rate .
The show must go on .
Henry perfected the Ford down to a T .
I got a deal on a new computer , and they threw in the operating system to boot .
A reporter was at an ice cream store getting the scoop .
When the wheel was invented , it caused a revolution .
Double your hard disk space : DELETE WINDOWS !
After a day of changing her triplet ' s diapers , the new mother was feeling rather pooped .
Sign at a deer crossing : The Buck Stops Here .
OLD CASHIERS never die , they just change .
Have an optometrist run for president , because they are people of vision .
When the air conditioning failed in the indoor stadium there was a fan protest .
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake . . . news at 11 !
WORK HARDER ! . . . Millions on Welfare depend on YOU !
Hockey players are terrible chess players because they are always getting checked .
How come wrong numbers are never busy ? ? ?
If you trust before you try , you may repent before you die .
My name is Emmy , I ' m a T . V . star
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully .
Jumping to conclusions is bad exercise
The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain .
He bought a rope factory to tie into his empire .
You have to give credit to people who work in stores during a holiday - and many people do .
Sheesh ! You start havin ' fun , and they send the lawyers !
I travel all over America , Tom stated .
Underpaid weather forecasters predicted a storm of protest .
Cross river * THEN * insult alligator .
Pride comes before the fall .
One of the joys of being a lightweight is that commuting by wind is a breeze !
Dentists practice by going through many drills .
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die they just stop developing .
What happens when you get scared half to death . . . . . twice ?
' ' I have to check the score on this exam again , ' ' Tom remarked .
OLD FLORISTS never die , they just make alternative arrangements .
When the plane hit turbulence , the passengers went flying .
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it .
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone .
After that poisonous snake struck at me in the Arizona Desert I was really rattled .
Why was the car embarrassed ? Because it had gas !
This is the best guy I ' ve met to date .
' ' My parents are called Billy and Nanny , ' ' Tom kidded .
When he switched from horses to sailing , his life took on a new tack .
OLD BASEBALLS never die they just get pitched .
Then there was the occasion I spotted a health - oriented cafe displaying a sign reading ' ' California Shakes . ' ' Obviously , I thought .
Many things are lost for want of asking .
A horse is a very stable animal .
My mailman should be a comedian , his delivery is perfect !
OLD GARDENERS never die , they just get uprooted .
A friend is best found in adversity .
Long absent , soon forgotten .
The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged .
The parsley farmer couldn ' t pay his child support , so the courts garnished his wages .
I ' ve never taken an elevator to the basement floor , that ' s just beneath me .
Courage lost , all lost .
OLD VACUUM CLEANER SALESMEN never die , they just get sucked in !
A husband and wife argued over the weather , but it soon blew over .
A ditch digger was entrenched in his career .
Did you hear about the crab in financial difficulty ? It was starting to feel the pinch .
Most males in a men ' s room are stand - up guys .
One of these new shoes isn ' t right .
When the butter melted , it was rendered useless .
A rock band set up on the exchange floor . They wanted to play the stock market .
There was once a cross - eyed teacher who couldn ' t control his pupils .
She was only a Librarian ' s daughter , but she was checked out from cover to cover .
When I asked the man how he became a ditch - digger , he said he just fell into it .
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident .
The Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been delayed until next Wednesday
I wanted to do some research on anorexia , so I went to the library to get the skinny .
I noticed that the sun was out , and nobody had bothered to relight it .
Strip mining prevents forest fires .
Be true to your teeth , or they will be false to you .
A dog who played baseball always got walked .
When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed .
You have the right to remain silent . . . . USE IT !
An apple farmer with poor yields has to get to the core of the problem .
Sometimes a pencil sharpener is needed in order to make a good point .
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account .
If pride goes before a fall , humility should arrive by that winter
The hardest thing for a person to keep is his opinion
I finally found a spotter at the gym , it ' s like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders .
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire .
We ' ll never run out of math teachers because they always multiply .
Faint heart never won fair lady .
If it ' s obvious , it ' s obviously wrong .
OLD UNIVERSITY PRESIDENTS never die , they just lose their faculties
Gunpowder was invented in a flash .
Good girls go to heaven . Bad girls go EVERYwhere .
The ice at the rink has many ruts . I think the maintenance crew is slipping up .
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing .
My name is Dick . I ' m a plain - clothes policeman .
If there is a hypocrite between you and the church , he is closer to god than you .
User : The hardest - to - setup PC peripheral you can buy .
A woman cries before the wedding , a man after .
For the office drunk : He generally found him loaded with work to do .
You won ' t often catch loggers or farmers going against the grain .
If you got it , flaunt it .
OLD SKIERS never die , but they go downhill fast .
If it ' s useless , it will have to be documented .
More haste , less speed .
OLD EXORCISTS never die , they just get repossessed .
Once a drunkard always a drunkard .
OLD PLUMBERS never die , they just pipe down .
OLD HIKERS never die , they just trail away .
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span .
My name is Mark . I price items at the supermarket .
If you sing while playing baseball , you won ' t get a good pitch .
OLD SEERS never die they just lose their vision .
My name is Frank , the Hot - Dog vendor
Don ' t argue with a bomb inventor - he might blow up at you .
There was a sale at the fish market today . I went to see what was the catch .
Dorothy ' s dog , of the Wizard of Oz fame , always eats his food entirely - he never leaves any scraps because it ' s in toto .
When the woman got paid for being in a study at the sleep clinic , she said it was her dream job .
He does the work of 3 men . . . . Larry Moe &amp; Curly .
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start .
Stealing someone ' s coffee is called ' mugging ' .
The state funeral remains to be seen .
It ' s a good horse that never stumbles .
We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn ' t even afford to pay attention .
OLD BAKERS never die , they just stop making lots of dough .
Nobel got a big bang out of it .
Gravity , it ' s always putting everyone down .
All true wisdom is found on T - shirts . - - And in taglines .
How do you know if you run out of invisible ink ?
One palm tree said to another ' let ' s have a date . '
A friend cannot be known in prosperity nor an enemy be hidden in adversity .
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up .
Engineers : often wrong , seldom in doubt .
You always find something in the last place you look .
My name is Grant , I am a loan officer .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their potential .
She was only a Watchman ' s daughter , but any time suited her .
Did the reproducing amoeba get a splitting headache ?
A thief fell and broke his leg in wet cement . He became a hardened criminal .
The man who worked at the watch factory was very funny . He stood about all day making faces .
Love can be a touchy subject .
Opening a new funeral parlor can be quite an undertaking .
Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking .
Counsel is no command .
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault .
The Bagginses , they steals our taglines , precioussss . . . .
OLD TYPISTS never die , they just lose their justification .
I majored in nursing but I had to drop it because I ran out of milk .
When it was lumpy he had a beef with his gravy .
No Credit , Bad Credit ? No Problem . No Money ? Problem .
Since I ' ve taken the job in The Everglades I ' ve been swamped !
One leftover said to another ' foiled again . '
Better safe than sorry .
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up .
Old lumberjacks never die , they just pine away .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their resistance .
An army officer is a position that some people shoot for .
Why yes , I - do - work for a unit of the Illuminati .
Arguments about the weather will eventually blow over .
' ' I find you guilty , ' ' said the judge with conviction .
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition .
Who has not served cannot command .
He gives twice who gives in a trice .
A true friend does sometime venture to be offensive .
Those who make magnets can be quite attractive .
Life ' s essentials : H O C N Ca P Cl K S Na Mg
She was only a Junkie ' s daughter but her crack was the best in town .
Those who choose not to eat , slowly get hungry - - and Fast .
What did the skeleton have for supper ? Ribs .
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point .
When entering a funeral home , remember to stay alert and always look alive !
Her decision to take up rock climbing was precipitous to say the least .
What ' s good for the goose is good for the gander .
Monkey see , monkey do .
' ' How long will I have to wait for a table ? ' ' asked Tom without reservation .
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off ? He ' s all right now .
Curiosity killed the cat .
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle .
Hey , is this yours ? Your dog left it on my lawn . . .
De Broglie waved aside the invitation .
When they bought a water bed , the couple started to drift apart .
Despite the high cost of living , it remains popular .
OLD LUMBERJACKS never die , they just split .
Old burglars never die they just steal away .
When he proposed to her , she found it very engaging .
Attention staff ! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies ' wear . Would someone please redress the problem ?
Badminton players are for the birds .
The heart sees farther than the head .
In the office she was frantically looking for her false nails only to discover she had filed them away .
None but the brave deserve the fair .
Do not add oil to the fire .
OLD NUMBER THEORISTS never die , they just get past their prime .
We have nothing to fear but fear itself .
When ancient wall sculptors were finished it was a relief .
The hostage said he couldn ' t stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment .
New religion ? I haven ' t used up the old one , yet !
OLD LIBRARIANS never die , they just check out .
Inventors have their own devices .
OLD CREDIT CARD USERS never die , they just expire .
A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement .
Waiter , I ' ll have my bill now . - How did you find your steak , sir ? - Oh , I just moved the potato and there it was .
For class schedules Yoga instructors are flexible .
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake .
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store . The police said he made a clean getaway .
My fear of planes has taken off .
Come in for a free makeover this Sunday
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables .
Bowling Alley : Please be quiet . We need to hear a pin drop .
Working for the IRS is a hard job because it is so taxing .
" WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is ? "
OLD CARTOONISTS never die , they just draw their last breath .
My name is Joe , an espresso vender
OLD GEOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just go off on a tangent .
Good eating deserves good drinking .
' ' Pretend we were in the days before railways , ' ' Tom coached .
I found out that at the gym , their opinion on fitness carries a lot of weight .
Any key will commence hard drive format . Continue ( y / n ) ?
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer .
Forgive and forget .
The trumpeter blew it while auditioning for the symphony .
Pick Pockets 50 % Climb Walls 75 % Steal Tagline 99 %
I met a math professor who has 12 children - she really knows how to multiply .
My name is Leo . A lion trainer .
OLD DENTISTS never die , they just lose their pull .
I just finished reading Newton ' s Principia Mathematica , and found much of it to be rather derivative .
The janitor ' s union called for sweeping reforms .
Life imitates art .
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them .
If you want a metal dog leash go to a chain store .
Walk softly , carry a big stick .
Oh sure ! But what ' s the speed of dark ?
He put so many blanks in his document that he started to feel spaced out .
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff .
The play on fishing had quite a cast .
Cousteau was submerged in his work .
A summer is a mathematician .
To test a man ' s character , give him power .
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly ? They planted questions .
There is no royal road to learning .
The man addicted to brake fluid said he could stop any time .
Our country ' s olympic swimming program has quite a talent pool .
The case against a donut thief was full of holes .
Soon after he joined the band , the guitarist was instrumental .
They bought a home on a cliff because they liked to live on the edge .
Convicts are committed people .
She told me the drink was non - alcoholic , but where was the proof ?
Drumming is not the way to catch a hare .
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .
My name is Rusty , I ' m an iron worker .
A group of physicists is called a nucleus .
Plough deep while sluggards sleep , and you will have corn to sell and keep .
So , how ' s the flower business going ? Oh , it ' s blossoming quite nicely .
My name is Pat . I am a masseur
' ' I make the armour out of chain links , ' ' Tom replied by mail .
Put your money where your mouth is .
You are an example of why some animals eat their young .
Winning isn ' t everything , it ' s the only thing .
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit .
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher . She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils !
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill .
At first I hated my haircut , but now it ' s growing on me .
" Bother , " said Pooh , as he torched the forest . . . . .
Goose , gander and gosling are three sounds but one thing .
Winning candy as a prize is always a sweet victory .
Doctor , Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains - Well pull yourself together then . Next .
Fight fire with fire .
I ' m not worthless . I can always serve as a bad example .
Take care of number one .
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values .
Philosophy : unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
When writing out drink recipes you have to have a first draft .
Labor Day is a good time to stop and reflect on the august events the the preceding month .
She was only an Apple - grower ' s daughter but the men said she was delicious .
My name is Nick . I was a barber but I ' m looking for a new job .
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there .
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work ? He was great at landing a job .
A goat that ate office supplies was on a staple diet .
Doctor , Doctor , my hair is coming out . What can you give me to keep it in ? - A cigar box . Next .
The inventor of the fahrenheit scale solved the problem by degrees .
A lovely lady who lost her watch became a timeless beauty .
' ' It ' s twelve noon , ' ' Tom chimed in .
She was only an Artist ' s daughter , but what a crowd she could draw .
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery .
Have an adequate day .
If you do research in optics you will have to do some light reading .
Everyday is a gift from god , that is why it is called the present
Even if you ' re on the right track , you ' ll get run over if you just sit there .
Love is not finding someone to live with ; it ' s finding someone whom you can ' t live without .
Success is a journey not a destination .
People tell me I ' m indecisive . Am I ? I ' m not sure .
A library should have several floors because it is a multi story building .
I can ' t recall the last time I did any running , but I ' ve been jogging my memory .
Old math teachers never die , they just become irrational .
OLD WRESTLERS never die they just lose their grip .
Christians , keep the faith . . . but not from others !
I could not pull out of my parking space , so I used my back up plan .
A tatoo artist has designs on his clients .
If you have need of a locksmith he will be your key man .
I forget the dream , but I ' m missing a pajama button . . .
OLD HELICOPTER PILOTS never die , they just lose their choppers .
Be reasonable . . . . . do it my way .
With certain cashiers , things are slow to register .
My name is Art , I ' m a museum curator .
Pills with long names can be quite a mouthful .
The gravity was so powerful , I couldn ' t stand it .
Joe refused to eat sushi because it looks fishy .
If you want her to show emotion , cut up her credit cards .
Old carpenters never die , they just lumber around .
" She ' s dead , Jim . Still warm , though . Flip ya for her ? "
The science teachers broke up because there was no chemistry between them .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just stop reacting .
OLD KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN FRANCHISERS never die , they just chicken out .
Doctor , Doctor , what would you take for this cold ? - Make me an offer . Next .
Doctor , Doctor , should I file my nails ? - No . Throw them away like everybody else . Next .
Surfing is a swell sport !
I ' ll glue the sheets of wood back together , Tom replied .
sophisticated , adj . deprived of its native simplicity .
Better the devil you know ( than the one you don ' t . )
A book called ' Current Trends in Wiring your House ' turned out to be a shocking failure .
An electric company is always looking for high energy employees .
OLD AUDITORS never die , they just lose their figures .
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant , but I didn ' t have reservations .
OLD NITPICKERS never die , they just feel lousy .
Don ' t try to reinvent the wheel .
How do you find a missing train ? Follow the tracks .
The cobbler ' s wife is the worst shod .
We did it twice last night , she relayed .
The boxer ' s girlfriend was a knockout .
Young women who are mathematics professors closely watch their figures .
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago .
Bike sales go in cycles .
Husbands are like fires . They go out when unattended .
I was against the construction of tennis courts in the park as I thought they would cause too much racket .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just lose their kick .
Never put off till tomorrow what can be done today .
The photograph that I took of the sandstorm turned out grainy .
Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation ?
We ' ll burn that bridge when we come to it .
A ham walked out of the hospital and said ' ' I ' m cured ' ' .
My student was late for class , claiming he was in the washroom . I think he was stalling .
The dogs bark but the caravan passes on .
Is coffee your daily grind ?
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht . He was saved because he could float a loan .
OLD JUDGES never die , they just slur their sentences
OLD LOGICIANS never die , they just vacate the premises .
OLD BOOKKEEPERS never die they just lose their figures .
Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I ' m not a fan myself .
The fertiliser business is a growing industry .
If a town ' s people have low IQs is the population dense ?
The first time he put the horses on the carriage it went without a hitch .
Take my advice , I don ' t use it anyway .
Three fingers were willing to cooperate but the thumb and forefinger were opposed .
I needed a raise in my allowance . Mowing the grass all summer just wasn ' t cutting it .
One evening King Arthur ' s men discovered Sir Lancelot ' s moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight .
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him .
When the investor came home from work he was spent .
Undertakers ' Motto - Trust us . We are the very last ones to put you down .
Don ' t open the darkroom door ; it lets all the dark out .
We carry our greatest enemies within us .
Stamp out excessive postage prices .
Reckless youth makes rueful age .
She was only a Bookbinder ' s daughter , but she knew her way between the sheets .
Trust your calculator . It ' s something to count on .
The wish is father to the thought .
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered .
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby . She told him to pocket all his allowance .
The hot dog vendor answered , with a tone quite frank .
And on the seventh day , He took an aspirin .
I ' m taking this ship back into harbor , Tom reported .
" Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment . "
The All - Pro wide receiver ' s wedding was a little bit shaky , but his reception was excellent .
OLD MATH PROFESSORS never die , they just use strange expressions .
By perseverance the snail reached the arc .
An experienced waiter can give a lot of good tips .
Hey , wake up ! It ' s time for your sleeping pills .
I ' d give my right arm to be ambidextrous .
I strongly dislike the subject of math , however I am partial to fractions .
A church welcomed all denominations but preferred tens and twenties .
' ' I don ' t work here on a regular basis , ' ' said Tom casually .
My name is Sherry . I work in a vineyard .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get broken down by age , sex and marital status .
Pick your friends , but not to pieces
What did the minister say to the underdressed layman ? ' ' No shoes , no shirt , no service ' '
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase . I could hardly contain myself .
A fisherman who was also a pianist was an expert with scales .
OLD MEDIUMS never die , they just lose their spirits .
Swimmers have to be careful not to get into deep trouble .
Old accountants never die , they just lose their balance .
Professionals built the Titanic , amateurs built the ark .
OLD GUITARISTS never die , they just fret their lives away
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale ?
Audubon said he ' d have to wing it .
Home sweet home .
I used to work in a blanket factory but it folded .
One secret of success is to know how to deny yourself and other people .
Astronauts work in a nice atmosphere .
You know what happens after you miss math class ? It starts adding up .
A cat may look at a king .
Her exam was on the human skeleton , so she decided to bone up .
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse .
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance .
Sin enough and you will become dead to it .
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale .
Quick at meat , quick at work .
He was trying to sell me new windows , but his motivations were transparent .
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die , they just lose heart .
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective .
If you ' re looking for oranges on an apple tree you will have a fruitless search .
It ' s a fact , taller people sleep longer in bed .
Gotta run . . . the cat ' s caught in the printer again !
OLD PRINCIPALS never die they just lose their faculties .
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered .
A former doctor , while auditioning for a play , broke his leg . But luckily , he could still make the cast .
She was only a Conductor ' s daughter , but she told you where to get off .
I ' m very picky about my hair , so a strange barber just won ' t cut it .
Avogadro expected a large number to attend .
He is my friend who grinds at my mill .
2 Rules for Success : Rule # 1 : Never reveal everything you know .
OLD SANITATION MEN never die , they just waste away
My name is Sandy , I just hang around the beach .
I wanted to be a sonar technician , but it was out of my depth .
OLD TRAIN ENGINEERS never die , they just get derailed .
It was a lucky car . Until he had to push his luck .
Profanity , the language of computer professionals
My coach got stung by a bee . The next day he had hives .
Everything is worth its price .
Junior loved being a member of the wrestling team even though he was prone to lose .
The newspaper doesn ' t put in Politics what is Classified .
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just wind down .
Finding area is an integral part of calculus .
I was heading to Hooters but my wife said ' Don ' t bother , they have gone bust ' .
She started a new courier business for an express purpose .
It is not what you say , it is the way you say it .
Well drilling is a deep subject .
He hates his job selling used cars , but it ' s just his lot in life .
Some food for thought is only baloney
My name is Candy . I ' m a confectioner .
There is no greater torment than to be alone in paradise .
To draw cartoons for a living requires someone who is very animated .
' Coming ready or not ! ’ – Jesus .
Some people go into martial arts just for kicks .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get mean .
You can catch more flies with a drop of honey than with a barrel of vinegar .
He who is not with me is against me .
A man tried working in a shoe store , but he just couldn ' t seem to fit in .
Those who work on reducing auto emissions go home exhausted .
A fool with a tool is a well - equipped fool
Bush says " No new taxes ! " , Clinton says , " No , NEW taxes ! "
When in Rome , do as the Romans do .
Send $ 20 and I will double your IQ or no money back
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing
Any given program , once running , is obsolete .
It ' s never too late to mend .
Network management is like trying to herd cats . . .
I bought a metronome for 20 bucks . You can ' t beat that price .
Some jokes get dated , other jokes get married .
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends , but what would be the point ?
Shock me , say something intelligent !
News of a coming flood was leaked .
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release .
Biscuits and speeches are better when made with shortening .
I ' m not afraid of flying , I ' m afraid of crashing .
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed .
Set your drink on a skateboard , they make good coasters .
OLD HIKERS never die they just get the boot .
My name is Wade and I ' m in swimming pool maintenance .
It ' s the Borg ! ! Quick , everyone try to look useless !
Lumberjacks have to keep problem logs .
The couple grew fruit trees and lived to a ripe old age .
Years ago , changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility .
At a conference , I unexpectedly encountered the wife of a former client , whom I hadn ' t seen in 20 or more years . ' ' You haven ' t changed ! ' ' she exclaimed . ' ' There ' s plenty of time for that , ' ' I replied . ' ' The dinner isn ' t until this evening . ' '
She was only a Electrician ' s daughter , but she went haywire .
Two silk worms had a race . They ended up in a tie .
Those with scissors shouldn ' t use cutting words .
' ' I didn ' t look at all ! ' ' Tom peeped .
Don ' t put all your eggs in one basket .
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge .
When there ' s a sale on tennis balls it ' s first come first serve .
If you work in a forestry company you will probably have to log your time .
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle .
Teacher : In this box , I have a 10 - foot snake . Sammy : You can ' t fool me , Teacher . . . snakes don ' t have feet .
The color of the sun in the early morning : rose .
She was only an Archer ' s daughter , but to all the men she was the target .
Did you see guys that Bob the ventriloquist hangs out with ? They ' re nothing special , just a bunch of dummies .
' ' I love hot dogs , ' ' said Tom with relish .
I am kicking myself I did not take up karate earlier .
Satan can’t bring you down any farther than your knees .
She was only a Moonshiner ' s daughter , but I love her still .
Make the best of a bad bargain .
They call me Pops . I sell soft drinks .
When the Dalmatian ran away , he was spotted two blocks from home .
Little by little and bit by bit .
She was only a Lighthouse keeper ' s daughter , but she never went out at night
Manners maketh the man .
Two podiatrists became arch rivals .
She was only a Pitcher ' s daughter , but you should have seen her curves .
Doctor , Doctor , I can ' t get to sleep . - Sit on the edge of the bed and you ' ll soon drop off . Next .
Carrying coals to Newcastle .
I used to have a life , now I have a modem .
A wise man changes his mind , but a fool never does .
My other computer runs the Enterprise .
What it boils down to is this : eggs taste good .
A sign at a cemetery reads , ' No Trespassing , Violators Will Face Grave Charges ' .
The building inspector said whoever installed the water pipes was plumb loco .
A lingerie thief gave a police officer the slip .
Love me , love my dog .
Digging a hole for a coffin is a grave matter .
Copper wire was invented by lawyers arguing over a penny .
I got a small ticket for speeding . It ' s fine with me .
A guy became so good with a chainsaw that he was promoted to branch manager .
A bible falling apart belongs to someone who isn’t .
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips .
My advanced geometry class is full of squares .
The Alpine Skiing competition started poorly and went downhill from there .
Being a fire - fighter ignited my interest heavily .
' ' Perhaps I will , ' ' said Tom with all his might .
As you sow , so you reap .
He that will not when he may , when he will he may have nay .
A book is a friend .
Money talks .
There’s no high like the most high .
A broken watch is right two times a day .
He ' s a good letter carrier . He always keeps you posted .
If you want enemies excel others , if you want friends let others excel you .
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee .
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase , but I wouldn ' t count on it .
Poor blood circulation runs through the family .
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys ? His back locked up .
If you don ' t know how to choose music ask a guitarist - they know how to pick .
Building a cul - de - sac would be a bit of a dead - end job .
Don ' t fall before you ' re pushed .
I wrote a novel about a fellow who had a small garden . It didn ' t have much of a plot .
Sign on an electrician ' s truck : Let us remove your shorts .
Reality is not only stranger than we imagine , it is stranger than we can imagine .
' ' Here ' s your allowance for the next two weeks , ' ' Tom advanced .
OLD BOWLERS never die they just end up in the gutter .
Are you a Klingon , or is that a turtle on your head ?
He got measles in jail when he broke out one night .
He stomped on his old watch because he had time to kill .
OLD GANGSTERS never die , they just go to the underworld . .
Memories of you remind me of you .
A family went to watch a 007 movie at the theatre , it was a bonding experience .
OLD GEOGRAPHERS never die , they just become legends .
Many a mickle makes a muckle .
The fence builders were upset with their working conditions , so the started to picket .
Beats me why anyone would want to be a masochist .
What are you taking pictures of ? Tom snapped .
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area .
I ' m going to be discussing global warming next week , it ' s quite a heated topic .
She was only a Magistrates daughter , but she knew what to do on the bench .
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering .
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down .
I ' ve planted part of a riding whip . I ' m hoping for a nice crop .
She was only a Dentist ' s daughter , but everybody wanted to fill her cavity .
The eye looks but it is the mind that sees .
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems .
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms .
The truth shall set you free , or The truth will set you free .
She was only a Musician ' s daughter , but she knew all the bars in town .
The intelligent entrepreneur ' s idea for designing catapults meant that his boss was completely thrown .
There are 2 kinds of people : pessimists and fools . . . .
Swimming instructors are always getting immersed in their work .
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say ' It ' s not my fault ' .
OLD PILOTS never die they just take off .
You can ' t have an omelette unless you break the egg .
Life is a game . Money is how we keep score .
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself .
Hell ' s the pits
Some cardiologists are heartless .
The aluminum foiled my plans .
A boy saving up for a car has a lot of driving ambition .
The harm caused by sibling rivalry is relative .
If you don ' t pay your exorcist you get repossessed .
Those who make sinks often feel washed out .
OLD PINEAPPLE GROWERS never die , they just get on the dole .
Notice in a field : The farmer allows walkers to cross the field for free , but the bull charges .
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down .
Once a thief always a thief .
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June . He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop .
The members of the oldest profession are not really lost women ; they are just mislaid .
A jelly truck and a biscuit truck collided yesterday - police are a trifle concerned .
Hands in Prayer : Already Digital
None of you exist . The sysop types it all in . . .
A student limped into class with a lame excuse .
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant .
Taxidermists really know their stuff .
Students who accent their textbooks with color markers add a real highlight to their day .
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind .
OLD KEY PUNCH OPERATORS never die they just punch out .
It ' s hard for a depressed turtle to get out of his shell .
What did the triangle say to the circle ? You ' re so pointless .
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through .
Time flies .
The stock market crashes , but Viagra beats the flop .
That new mystery novel has a killer start to it .
The rabbi became a professional golfer because he was good at making the cut .
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans . That is good . He wouldn ' t hurt a fly .
A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him .
If you operate a drill press you have a boring job .
Never lie to your lawyer .
No one chills out in the fires of hell .
' ' I told you not to ride that horse , ' ' Tom nagged .
Do I straddle the fence on issues ? Well , yes and no . . . .
If you can ' t beat them , join them .
My other vehicle is a Galaxy Class Starship
Garbage in , garbage out .
Take the will for the deed .
I once had insomnia so bad I was awake until it dawned on me .
The man who worked in the gum factory fell in a vat of bubblegum . His boss had to chew him out .
The good is the enemy of the best .
" And we had to chisel taglines into the walls of the cave . . . . "
Some shoe sales have a good selection to boot .
A little boy fired his light - colored crayons because they wouldn ' t show up .
He threw snow in his neighbor ' s driveway and shouted , DO YOU GET MY DRIFT ?
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it .
Coaches usually have a goal in mind .
A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit .
Time is money .
Q : River Ravi flows in which state ? A : Liquid .
He had a difficult time bouncing back from his bungee cord accident .
The date of the marathon was changed . She took it in stride .
Massage therapists need a touch of style .
What you see is what you get .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just achieve their final goal .
People only throw stones at trees with fruit on them .
Two monocles were making love in front of a window and made spectacles of themselves .
There is no tree but bears some fruit .
My name is Bet . I ' m a coupier .
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker .
Don ' t be sexist ! Chicks hate that .
Diabetics should not be allowed to have sweet dreams .
Bathroom scale : Something you stand on and swear at .
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die , they just shuffle off .
If you run through a screen door you ' ll strain yourself .
My name is Faith . I ' m a minister .
' ' This movie will be very popular , ' ' Tom projected .
Waiter , there ' s a fly in my soup ! ' ' I know . It gives you a nice buzz doesn ' t it ? ' '
Iron sharpens iron .
I went to buy some property with a hill on it , but it was a little steep .
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal .
Precepts teach , examples move .
. . . I multi - task , I read in the bathroom .
Glue inventors have to stick to it .
Good clothes open all doors .
Riker to Holodeck : " Woman , 23 , hot . "
Old photographers never die , they ' re just out of the picture for a while .
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn .
Love is blind .
He was a janitor in the restaurant . He did things under the table .
My name is Teddy , I ' m in lingerie
I like elevators they let me say jokes on every level .
The racers all had shorts on that were too small for them , so it was a tight race .
When the electrican apprentice made mistakes , his mother grounded him .
Changing a tire on that crazy Houston freeway was a wrenching experience .
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope . I won in a landslide .
Wally wasn ' t sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve , but he gravitated toward the paratroops .
If you tell a falsehood just after waking up you are lying in bed .
I know road rage is an awful thing but when someone bumped my car I just couldn ' t help it . I got out my camera and snapped at the offender .
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
The guitarist passed out on stage , he must have rocked himself to sleep .
The Transformer always had a lot of quarters with him . He was a big fan of change .
Roentgen was radiating .
You can ' t milk a bull .
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS never die , they just get buried in their work
Tires cost 100 bucks a pop .
No man is born into this world , whose work is not born with him .
You ' ve got more issues than Time magazine .
My name is Holly , I ' m a holiday decorator
Once again , Odo wins the Twister championship .
I used to have a fear of hurdles , but I got over it .
After Gus gave his girlfriend a 3 dollar box of chocolates for her birthday he got nothing but snickers .
The first fish to gather in schools was the grouper .
A skier who makes it to the olympics finds that it is all downhill from there .
My dentist seems distracted , I think he was brushing me off .
Grills are a hot item .
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow .
Fear not the loss of the bell more than the loss of the steeple .
The man who impulsively got a cat despite his allergies later realized that it was a rash decision .
He auditioned for a part as a trumpet player but he blew it .
Some people find fire drills quite Alarming .
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity
OLD METEOROLOGISTS never die , they just get under the weather .
Banning Viagra was a big flop .
That ' s the seventh dip , Namaan said cleanly .
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum .
I met this guy who said he loved children , then I found out he was on parole for it .
Old artists never die , they just put things in perspective .
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition .
Two pencils decided to have a race . The outcome was a draw .
My name is Rusty . I undercoat cars .
Eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves .
There is no such thing as bravery ; only degrees of fear .
Wilbur Wright said he ' d take a flier on it .
A paid up computer is , by definition , obsolete .
I always believed my body was a prison for me . I was right , in biology I learnt they were made of cells .
Power corrupts , especially at the electric company .
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions .
There ' s no fool like an old fool .
Why do archers shoot arrows ? Could it be they are trying to get a point across ?
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner , they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely .
He got a job in a factory making needles , but soon got stuck .
Strike while the iron is hot .
Seek water in the sea .
My name is Rich , A successful investment banker .
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late . Sun responded that it was just a phase .
She was only a Janitor ' s daughter , and she was often swept off her feet .
In the room the curtains were drawn , but the rest of the furniture was real .
' ' I just came in through the door , ' ' said Tom , entranced .
' ' This must be an aerobics class , ' ' Tom worked out .
If you make yourself into a doormat , people will wipe their feet on you .
I went to the theatre , it looked a bit suspicious . I reckon the whole thing was staged .
A waiter who played tennis was great at serving .
Civil servants named Grant are known as government grants .
We should make a beer commercial . It sounds simply intoxicating .
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter .
We ' re all sitting in the same boat : I fish , you row .
OLD FROGS never die , but they do croak .
OLD QUILTERS never die , they just go under cover .
To our sweethearts and wives . May they never meet !
Some diets cause a gut reaction .
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock .
She told a long story about a coil of rope , and then left us all hanging .
( a ) Fast , ( b ) Reliable , ( c ) Inexpensive - Pick Two .
He was selling palm trees , but people thought it was a shady deal .
Deal gently with the bird you mean to catch .
He had trouble in his new job making tents and got himself into a flap .
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living .
A thousand dogs were stolen from a pet shop on Saturday . Police say they have no leads .
My new expensive vacuum cleaner really sucked .
Hasty judgment leads to repentance .
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode . They were an item .
Of two evils choose the least .
If a job is worth doing , it is worth doing well .
A politician decided to resign on the day of an eclipse because it was a dark day .
OLD PROFESSORS never die , they just lose their class .
We must take the bad with the good .
When you ' re wearing a watch on an airplane , time flies .
A small boy went to the counter to pay for his lunch but he was a little short .
Upon discovering her children playing with matches their mother was flaming mad .
People who make necklaces may get beady eyes .
If Version 1 . 0 works someone goofed . . .
Even the best bird dog is only good to a point .
A leak in the back of a boat is a stern warning .
Ohm resisted the idea at first .
I ' m dying , Tom croaked .
The best place for criticism is in front of your mirror .
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible .
He had to learn what the measles was , from scratch .
My name is Cliff . I ' m a mountaineer .
" Tea , Early Grey , hot " - Picard . . " Ale , Romulan , lots . " - Kirk
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water . I thought he meant well .
Can bankers count ? Eight windows and only four tellers ?
This tagline no verb .
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye .
SHIN : A device for finding furniture in the dark
A baseball pitcher asked if he had a good curve ball , but wanted a straight answer .
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet . He had launched a pre - emptive strike .
Baseball is known for its pitched battles .
There are sins of omission as well as of commission .
We spent all day debating about housefires . It was quite a heated argument .
Hell ! I thought it didn ' t matter what you believed as long as you were sincere !
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking .
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell .
Edison thought it would be an illuminating experience .
Willful waste makes woeful want .
Due to inclement weather , the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night .
The dairy farmer while milking his cow strained his calf in the process .
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar . The police don ' t know what triggered the commotion .
50 percent of something is better than one hundred percent of nothing .
Mind your P ' s and Q ' s .
The prospector didn ' t think his career would pan out .
' ' I ' m burning aromatic substances , ' ' said Tom , incensed .
Old bakers never die , they just keep making lots of dough .
His model airplane hobby really took off .
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation ? Apparently , he ' s clammed up .
Sports are refereed by people of many stripes .
I can ' t really see myself without eyes .
MilliHelen : Amount of beauty needed to launch one ship .
He has been a jogger for three years running .
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor , who is a taxidermist . After such a big meal , I was stuffed .
There ' s no place like home .
I ' m drawn to art .
Skipping school to bungee jump will get you suspended .
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die they just go to bits .
OLD ACTUARIES never die they just get broken down by age and sex .
I ' m NOT " white , " I ' m " melanin - challenged . "
Retired teachers are classless .
He sat in the magician ' s audience dressed as a cactus . He was a plant .
She was only a Insurance broker ' s daughter , but all the guys liked her policy .
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice , expect a long sentence .
The manufacturers of dynamite do a booming business .
The two bowlers bore a striking resemblance .
The untruthful deli clerk was full of baloney .
If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out , it could spell disaster .
I never get lost , just momentarily disoriented .
A girl a day keeps the wife away .
OLD ALCOHOLICS never die , they just lose their spirit .
My name is Marshall . I ' m a peace officier .
She was only a Bricklayer ' s daughter , but she was certainly stacked .
I ' m sorry Mrs . Bobbitt , you can ' t send that in the mail .
Hubble wanted to bring the idea into better focus .
Astronomers often have their own private viewpoints .
Why do people preserve fruits and vegetables ? Because they ' can ' .
It is not wise to open old wounds .
Loose lips sink ships .
Money is the Root of All Evil . For more info , send $ 10 .
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun .
A cat found a mysterious sweater , but the mystery was soon unravelled .
Always smile . It makes people wonder what you ' re up to .
She was only a Cattleman ' s daughter , but she couldn ' t keep her calves together .
She was only a Weatherman ' ' s daughter , but she sure had a warm front .
I try wearing tight jeans , but I can never pull it off .
' ' I can take photographs if I want to ! ' ' Tom snapped .
I hate it when motorcyclists hog the road .
When crazy glue was invented lots of people became attached to it .
He lit the arrow head because he wanted to fire it .
Two friends took ropes to school so that they could skip out .
Faraday was charged up with the idea .
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital . When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said ' No change yet ' .
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator , was he trying to fudge the numbers ?
If you go for a job interview at a rubber stamp company try to make a good impression .
John Hancock didn ' t retire , he just resigned .
" A newspaper is a collection of half - injustices "
False friends are worse than open enemies .
The dermatologist was an avid gardener but he had a problem with moles .
All that glisters is not gold .
It is better to die on one ' s feet than live on one ' s knees .
The passenger couldn ' t find where his next flight was , but then he made the connection .
I ' d tell you a joke about a cow but I always butcher it .
He didn ' t want to volunteer for the rodeo but he got roped into it .
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots !
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to open your mouth and remove all doubt .
Golfers hate cake because they might get a slice .
Prevention is better than cure .
The apple never falls far from the tree .
There is no smoke without fire .
The cannibal passed his brother in the woods .
To a person who is attentive to minutiae : ' ' You ' re certainly observant , even if you ' re not religious . ' '
OLD GOLFERS never die , they just lose their drive .
OLD INTERPRETERS (for the deaf) never die , they just sign off .
Leonardo Da Vinci could use a paint brush to make a stroke of genius .
There are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught .
We’ve got children’s church because we know how to kid around
Some burglars are always looking for windows of opportunity .
I ' m NOT unemployed . . . . . I ' m a consultant .
Where do pancakes live ? In a flat .
Why do those that pay the least complain the most ?
OLD PRINTERS never die they ' re just not the type
I ' d love to , but I ' m teaching my ferret to yodel .
In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent .
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they just pine away .
Speed doesn ' t kill . Stopping very fast kills .
Small people are in short supply .
OLD PHILOSOPHERS never die , they just retire to their own premises .
Come huddle with us before the big game
Honor your mother and father rather than major credit cards .
Illusionists always find themselves in tricky situations .
How does a card player party ? They shuffle .
She ' s a composer who has scores of works to her credit .
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it .
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel ? To stave off hunger .
Give a dog a bad name and hang him .
Weather forecasters thinking is sometimes clouded .
It ain ' t over till the fat lady sings .
The farmer decided to get a cow , and milk the idea for all it was worth .
We offer counsel so you are not audited on your final return .
Objects in taglines are closer than they appear .
Don ' t wash your dirty linen in public .
If you work in a tire factory you have to get rolling every morning .
The doctor couldn ' t transfer the organs because he didn ' t have the guts to do it .
There was a guy who was fired from the orange juice factory for lack of concentration .
The most expensive component is the one that breaks .
The movie about the mobile home was advertised with a trailer .
The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain .
Those working in tissue research and testing are always blowing it .
OLD MINERS never die , they just lose their veins .
Only the good die young .
I wanted to make suits but I could never measure up .
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting .
OLD VIOLINISTS never die , they just become unstrung .
Ampere was worried he wasn ' t up to current research .
To save money for the company he cut all the electricity . They were soon in the black .
Oil executives are always using crude language .
When thy friend asks , let there be no to - morrow .
The police auction was a complete bust .
There was an eye doctor who wanted to re - locate but couldn ' t find a job because he didn ' t have enough contacts .
Old presidents never die they just keep going through their cabinets .
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster .
OLD PILOTS never die , they just buzz off .
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually .
The baseball pitcher ' s retirement was at the end of a wonderful ERA .
Old quarterbacks never die , they just pass away .
Don’t let your footprints in the sands of time be the mark of a heel
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster . And he was toasted .
Artificial knees and elbows were developed during a joint project .
To err is human , to forgive is against my policy
Tony attempted to join his thin crust pizza company with Zimo ' s Thick Crust Pizza , but somehow it didn ' t pan out .
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing , he said he had a problem with his circulation .
My name is Brooks . I ' m an irrrigation consultant
Those who get up at sunrise have many ideas dawn on them .
I find that movies about submarines always go down well .
A boy told his parents he wanted to raise goats for a living , but he was only kidding .
Don ' t marry for money ; you can borrow it cheaper .
Figure skaters don ' t like to be in a rut .
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted , by heart .
86 of Borg : You will be assimilated . Would you believe , stood close to ?
OLD BUS DRIVERS never die , they just take a turn for the worse .
My name is John . I ' m a plumber
Old math profs never die - - they just use strange expressions .
I wanted to join my local rambling club , but the guy I spoke to on the phone just went on and on .
Virginity IS curable if detected early . . .
Fine words butter no parsnips .
Galois wanted to assemble his own group .
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm .
She was only a Flag - waver ' s daughter , but she ' d let her standards down for anyone .
Before a plumber retired , he took the final plunge .
If all appears to go well , you missed something . . .
She swallowed a peach seed and could feel it in the pit of her stomach .
The first chapter of fools is to think themselves wise .
OLD BLASTING TECHNICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
Who do you have to sleep with to get service around here ?
I ' ll have one brain on drugs with bacon , toast and juice .
She was suspected of stealing a brooch but they couldn ' t pin it on her .
A skier retired because he was going downhill .
An apple a day keeps the doctor away .
Piano players know what bar they are in .
OLD SHEET ROCKERS (dry wallers) never die , they just hang around .
In an empty head , you can hear forever . . . .
The forecaster was away because he was under the weather .
People who make motor oil are very refined .
If you sight a whale , it could be a fluke .
Darwin said he ' d have to see what evolved .
Acrobats are always doing good turns .
OLD YACHTSMEN never die , they just keel over .
Like father , like son .
Doctor , doctor , people tell me I ' m a wheelbarrow . - Don ' t let people push you around . Next .
All good things must come to an end .
Continually discovering new viruses can become a strain .
' ' I ' ve got to stop this motor , ' ' Tom choked .
Poverty is the reward of idleness .
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop .
Half a loaf is better than no bread .
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says ' watch the birdie ' .
The scorpion said to the desert , ' You know , our conversations are always so dry . '
Your E - mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage
My name is Chuck , I ' m a butcher .
Since Bruce got too close to the big blade at the saw mill he is no longer feeling chipper .
Vinyl records are really groovy .
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens , there was no quarter asked or given .
Basketball players are always bouncing ideas off each other .
OLD BOTANISTS never die , they ' re just deflowered .
Do not think that one enemy is insignificant , or that a thousand friends are too many .
My name is Clay . I make pottery .
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die , they just become exhausted .
The invention of a shirt fastener after the button was a snap .
A circus lion won ' t eat clowns because they taste funny .
A manufacturer that made lamps gave their employees a light workload .
Tit for tat .
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage , so many people got stuck without one .
Politics makes strange bedfellows .
I before E except after C , huh ? Weird . . . . .
Early stone tools had many problems that were eventually ironed out .
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless .
Two can live as cheaply as one , for half as long .
My word is final ! Tom dictated to his secretary .
Two companies that made shoelaces had common ties .
I watched a movie about a baby hen , it was a real chick flick .
The younger brother the better gentleman .
He would promise to play golf , but he didn ' t know how to follow through .
Curiosity didn ' t kill the cat . I got ' im with the mower !
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn .
When the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block .
53 . 7 % of all statistics are totally incorrect
Are giraffes good pets or are they too high maintenance ?
Patients usually feel better after receiving hand transplants .
The unveiling of the statue was a monumental occasion .
She was only a Wrestler ' s daughter , but you oughtta see her box . .
When the pirate captain ' s ship ran aground he couldn ' t fathom why .
Time and tide wait for no man .
My comb is invaluable - I can ' t part with it .
No longer foster , no longer friend .
OLD SEWAGE WORKERS never die they just waste away .
Anarchists of the world , UNITE ! !
' ' It ' s a German song , ' ' Tom lied .
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity .
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it .
My friend asked me to carve a sculpture out of a large rock . It was the hardest thing I ' ve ever had to make !
OLD HIPPIES never die , they just take a trip .
" Very funny , Scotty . Now beam up my clothes . "
Heart surgeons never bypass a good opportunity .
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance .
Better late than never .
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper - leg surgery : very hip .
I ' m blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion , so I changed my clothes .
Limit Congress to 2 terms : one in office , one in jail !
The math professor went crazy with the blackboard . He did a number on it .
While the music was playing the geology teacher was rocking around .
OLD LANDSCAPERS never die , they just get weeded out .
If you have to pay to go to the river , we ' d better stop at the bank .
My new theory on inertia doesn ' t seem to be gaining momentum .
Nature , time , and patience are three great physicians .
He ' s dead Jim . Grab his tricorder . I ' ll get his wallet .
My name is Ray . I ' m a roentgenologist .
Sushi : known to the rest of the world as ' Bait '
Wal - Mart isn ' t the only saving place !
Go away , you snake ! Tom rattled off .
She played baseball and so did he . They hit it off .
Who lives by hope will die of hunger .
For a chemist disappointed in an experiment the reaction was on his face .
If a program is useful , it will have to be changed .
Stolen eggs are poached .
OLD GUNS never die they just get loaded .
Exxon - greasing the coastline for smoother boating !
If you think guests really enjoy your home movies , you are probably projecting .
I made a really cheesy pun about quesadillas the other day .
OLD ESKIMOS never die , they just go cold .
A mechanic who was also a musician was good at tuning things .
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it .
Conjoined twins aren ' t the only twins with special connections .
Someone who robs shoe stores is an arch criminal .
Show me a baker who is on a roll and I ' ll show you someone sitting on a bun .
A watched pot never boils .
Banning the bra was a big flop .
Vegetarian : Indian word for lousy hunter ! ! !
Is there a best month of spring ? There May be .
Spare the rod , spoil the child .
A boiled egg is hard to beat .
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil . All our presents came from Amazon this year .
I didn ' t know which hammer to get , but I think I nailed it .
Ne ' er cast a clout till May be out .
Two clock makers argued and got ticked off .
We don’t read palms ; we wave them .
I wanted to bring a penguin home but my parents said that wasn ' t going to fly .
Where ignorance is bliss , ' tis folly to be wise .
Jesus changes grave situations . Happy Easter .
I tried wrapping Christmas presents , but I didn ' t have the gift .
I made a batch of fish eye soup , it should see me through the week .
A prisoner ' s favorite punctuation mark is the period . It marks the end of his sentence .
If you snooze you lose .
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned !
Actors are cast through their good and bad stages .
Tip : Never take a beer to a job interview .
Where there ' s muck there ' s brass .
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
Occasionally , I hear an assertion followed by a hasty qualification , such as , ' ' Jim graduated in 1995 - - if memory serves . ' ' I ' ll respond : ' . . . or only stands and waits . ' '
OLD ORGANISTS never die , they just come to a stop .
A streaker was found dead this morning . Police say the details are quite revealing .
When you give to god , you always get back change
Superglue ! Tom rejoined .
I couldn ' t quite remember how to throw a boomerang , but eventually it came back to me .
I met a girl at an internet cafe , but we didn ' t click .
Sow thin , shear thin .
Vertical living is flat dwelling .
' ' It ' s an actual parameter , not a formal parameter , ' ' was Tom ' s argument .
Monday is a hard way to spend 1 / 7 of your life .
OLD BUNGEE JUMPERS sometimes die but they can still bounce back
The boy had never played basketball before so he decided to give it a shot .
In the army mess hall , the men were getting fed up .
Those who like sport fishing can really get hooked .
OLD POLICEMEN never die they just cop out .
Canadian DOS prompt : EH ? \ &gt;
The math professor liked even numbers , but only the odd one .
OLD BANKERS never die they just lose interest .
and that , my leige , is how we know the Earth to be banana - shaped . . .
He was a Red Cross donor until he went out of circulation .
The fish missed the call because he was stuck on the other line .
I ' m going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay .
I never have understood how you ' re supposed to hit anything with a bat . . . . . it keeps flying away .
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker . He was good at canvasing people .
Give him an inch and he ' ll take a yard .
Eating too many snacks when studying for a test is called cramming .
A group called the Balloons sings pop music .
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake .
The 4 major food groups : fast , frozen , junk , &amp; spoiled .
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me .
Have you heard about that online origami store ? It folded .
Better to be alone than in bad company .
Some commands given by the army are specific , others are General .
OLD COURIERS never die , they just keep on expressing it !
OLD STATUES never die they just get busted .
Men talk only to conceal the mind .
A boating accident between the yacht , Red Dawn , and the schooner , Blue Lagoon , left the survivors marooned .
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth . Your next shot always depends on the lie .
Endorsement by an olympic swimmer caused a company ' s profits to dive .
they stand best who kneel most
Captain we ' re at 1700 CPS . The UARTs canna take much more
He and his partner made knives , and they shared a cut .
When the beautician was asked to complete her make - up work she blushed .
Cooks have a lot of spice in their lives .
She was only a Porchclimber ' s daughter , but you should see her stoop
Some business graphs are full of legend .
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house , I hope we won ' t fall out .
Graveyard workers really dig their jobs .
Securities are the cause of many people ' s insecurities .
' Change the channel ' she said remotely .
I was going to order a satellite dish but then I found out that I had to go through channels .
My name is Sandy . I ' m a lifeguard .
I can ' t remember ever getting nits as a kid , although I do have a lousy memory .
The railway constructions are on track .
Alergy sufferers are itching to get through the hay fever season .
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive .
A cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road .
In certain sexual harassment cases things can get kind of touchy .
When longshoremen show up late for work they get docked .
A drowning man will clutch at a straw .
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received .
Don ' t make clothes for a not yet born baby .
To teach someone how to build a compass you have to be good at giving directions .
Justice delayed is justice denied .
He who does not advance goes backwards .
My name is Ira . I ' m an investment advisor .
Live by the sword , die by the sword .
Do not merely believe in miracles , rely on them .
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities .
She was only a Farmer ' s daughter , but she knew hundreds of ways to fertilize .
Measure twice , cut once .
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel .
On TV it ' s a maze of channels , luckily he had a guide .
There is danger in delay .
Old electricians never die , they just keep plugging away .
Talk of the devil and he ' s sure to appear .
OLD TELEPHONE OPERATORS never die , they just become disconnected .
A contest held by fire fighters is called a ' match ' .
It ' s better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
The dentist ' s favourite shopping centre was ' The Gap ' .
Deeds are fruits , words are but leaves .
Plumbers often have to tap their natural abilities .
A good friend never offends .
If a horse could predict the weather , it would probably say that the weather is stable .
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family , the time had come for the children to strike out on their own .
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets ? I ' m excited to see how they turn out .
It ' s not the minutes spent at the table that put on weight , it ' s the seconds .
She always paints night scenes . Other artists pale by comparison .
OLD BREAD MEN never die , they just lose their dough .
Suicidal dyslexic jumps behind train - film at 11
OLD UPHOLSTERERS never die , they just recover . .
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold .
When Irish boys carry their little brothers , they get a Pat on the back .
As soon as the airplane was invented , things were looking up .
Little strokes fell great oaks .
Old electricians never die , they just get discharged .
Q : What do you call six blondes placed ear to ear ? A : A wind tunnel .
She was only a Bootleggers daughter , but I loved her still .
I ' ve spotted more blackbirds than you have , Tom crowed .
" Ummm , trouble with grammar have I ? Yes ! " - - Yoda
She was only a Convict ' s daughter , but she sure knew all of the bars .
If there ' s one person you don ' t want to interrupt in the middle of a sentence it ' s a judge .
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience .
The inventor of shag carpet made a big pile .
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat .
Anyone should know how to put a saddle on a horse so it won ' t slip and cause an injury . It ' s a cinch .
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort .
A man ' s best fortune or his worst is a wife .
Why was the rabbit depressed ? He was just going through a bad patch !
A little greed can get you lots of stuff
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain .
' ' Use your own toothbrush ! ' ' Tom bristled .
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card .
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space .
He put bug spray on his watch to get rid of the ticks .
Cats remind us that not everything in Nature has purpose .
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition .
The boy ' s guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills .
The inventor of the stove top was in his element .
When the town removed billboards , they told people that ' s how it was designed .
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
Should we tell the children when we move ?
My friend lives by a cliff he ' s always telling me to drop over .
A dry cleaners had a dozen suits in court .
Saw makers losing money have to make lots of cuts .
In zen skiing , you learn to become one with the snow .
Joan is as good as my lady in the dark .
The lawyer asked a loaded question about guns .
She became a telephone operator because it was her calling .
Lead me not into temptation , I can find my own way
The voice of the people is the voice of god .
I went to the dentist without lunch , and he gave me a plate .
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye . .
If the shoe fits , wear it .
OLD NEWSPAPER PUBLISHERS never die , they just lose their circulation .
A boxer who wants to get married has the ring to worry about .
Highways today are much better than they were many years ago and there are lots of concrete examples of it .
You ' re so vain / I bet you think this tagline ' s about you
Musicians need a leader because they don ' t know how to conduct themselves .
OLD TANNERS never die they just go into hiding .
Follow glory and it will flee , flee glory and it will follow thee .
Birds of a feather flock together .
The pen is mightier than the sword .
Police can do a search if it ' s Warranted .
If ignorance is bliss , why aren ' t there more happy folks ?
Installing a fan can be a breeze .
The boughs that bear most hang lowest .
OLD MECHANICS never die they just retire
Empty vessels make the most sound .
People who live in glass houses shouldn ' t throw stones .
After they had it out in the boxing ring , they called it square .
He was facinated by his new welding job . It was riveting .
Old gardeners never die they just vegetate .
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place .
OLD FORESTERS never die , they just pine away .
Confidence is the companion of success .
Real estate agents believe in doing good deeds .
I really do have a photographic memory - - I just haven ' t developed it yet .
You can ' t see the wood for the trees .
Florida bumper sticker : DON ' T SHOOT ! I ' M LOCAL !
You have to fill out many government forms because there are many forms of government .
A teacher used his index finger to ask a lot of pointed questions .
Practice what you preach .
' ' I want a motorized bicycle , ' ' Tom moped .
Procrastination is the thief of time .
People who work at a mint make a lot of money .
My friends and I played a game of football on a pile of quarry rock - we lost on aggregate .
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day . . .
He shined a police officer ' s shoes and had a brush with the law .
Many words will not fill a bushel .
OLD MUFFLERS never die they just get exhausted .
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle , but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up .
Tom was so tired , he lied about his bed .
Call me if you need my phone number !
The weigh - in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort .
OLD POKER PLAYERS never die , they are just discarded .
Press any key to continue . . But my computer doesn ' t have an " any " key .
It ' s quiet in a bowling alley because you can hear a pin drop .
You don ' t shit where you eat .
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die , they are just given the boot .
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays .
My name is Will , I ' m a lawyer .
I couldn ' t figure out how to fasten my seatbelt . Then it clicked .
OLD SCULPTORS never die they just lose their marbles .
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization .
An old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran .
Home improvement . Take your family to church .
For fast relief take two tablets . The ten commandments
When the human cannonball retired they couldn ' t find a replacement of the right caliber .
Our bikinis are exciting . They are simply the tops .
Boyle said he was under too much pressure .
Decimals have a point .
A golden bit does not make the horse any better .
When Wally discovered he had Lyme disease he was really ticked off .
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive .
- Call me a taxi . - OK , you ' re a taxi .
A janitor with a broom in hand swept her off her feet .
OLD WASHING MACHINE OPERATORS never die , they just keep agitating .
I love to eat eggs at the crack of dawn .
Cometh the hour cometh the man .
Can I tell you a story about my bed ? I made it up .
Where God has a church the devil will have his chapel .
Wal - Mart Is Not the Only Saving Place . Come On In .
OLD SWIMMERS never die , they just have a stroke .
My name is Sly . I ' m a detective .
When the janitor wanted to take up public speaking he always had the floor .
Stereo speakers are made by ' high volume ' manufacturers .
Haste makes waste .
